Initial component and stack completion support (#992)
cloudposse/atmos: website/docs/cli/commands/completion/atmos-completion-bash.mdx

---
title: atmos completion bash
sidebar_label: bash
sidebar_class_name: command
description: Use this command to generate completion scripts for `Bash`
---

> ## Bash Completion Setup

Reviewer: I think we can just use tabs, instead of adding more pages.

https://docusaurus.io/docs/3.1.1/markdown-features/tabs

Plenty of examples like https://atmos.tools/install

Author: Done

> To enable tab completion for Atmos in `bash`, follow the steps given bellow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable tab completion for Atmos in Bash, add the following to your `~/.bashrc` or `~/.bash_profile`:

```

Author: Done

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
```

Author: Done

> # execute and capture the autocompletion script
> atmos completion bash &> ~/.atmos_completion.sh
> 
> # add the permissions
> chmod +x ~/.atmos_completion.sh

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Enable Atmos CLI completion
source <(atmos completion bash)
```

Author: Done

```

Add the following line to your `.bashrc`

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
```

> Add the following line to your `.bashrc`
> ```
> source ~/.atmos_completion.sh
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: Done

After saving the file, apply the changes by running:

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
```

Author: Done

source ~/.bashrc
```

> Now, pressing `<Tab>` after atmos will display available subcommands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, you can run any `atmos` command, and pressing `<Tab>` after typing `atmos` will show the available subcommands. The same applies to `--stack` arguments and commands requiring a component (e.g., `atmos terraform plan`).
```

Author: Done
